SurveyID 2186 issues

Access to Care
	Should be called 'Access to Care (PCMH)' in order to get DB comparisons
	Apparently should contain D1DE - not really certain about that, demos should not be part of categories but this is what master category definition shows
	Won't break out by question in report unless H9DD is removed from Getting Timely Care category
Getting Timely Appointments, Care, and Information
	Should not contain H9DD
Communication - Child Only
	Not a core category. Fine for custom surveys but probably should not be in core survey
PCMH - Coordination of Care
	Not a core category. Fine for custom surveys but probably should not be in core survey.
	Contains H4FC, H3DB, and Y4AM1 and therefore causing Attention to Care from Other Providers to not breakout by question properly (H4FC is Follow-Up On Test Results which does seem to be displaying correctly for some reason).
Attention to Care from Other Providers
	Should be called 'Attention to Care from Other Providers (PCMH)' in order to get database comparisons
	Won't break out by question in report unless H3DB and Y4AM1 are removed from Coordination of Care
Provider's Attention to Your Child's Growth and Development
	Won't break out by question in report unless Y3DB, Y3DC, Y3DD, Y3DE, Y3DK, and Y3DG are removed from additional categories
	Those questions currently included in 'PCMH - Comprehensiveness/Whole Person Care — Child Developmental' and 'PCMH - Comprehensiveness/Whole Person Care — Child Prevention'
PCMH - Comprehensiveness/Whole Person Care — Child Prevention
	Not a core category. Fine for custom surveys but probably should not be in core survey
	Contains questions from 'Provider's Attention to Your Child's Growth and Development' and 'Provider’s Advice on Keeping Your Child Safe and Healthy', prevents those categories from breaking out by question in reports
PCMH - Comprehensiveness/Whole Person Care — Child Developmental
	Not a core category. Fine for custom surveys but probably should not be in core survey
	Contains questions from 'Provider's Attention to Your Child's Growth and Development', prevents that category from breaking out by question in report
Provider’s Advice on Keeping Your Child Safe and Healthy
	Won't break out by question in report unless 'PCMH - Comprehensiveness/Whole Person Care — Child Prevention' is removed
PCMH - Self Management Support
	Not a core category. Fine for custom surveys but probably should not be in core survey
	Blocks proper display of 'Providers Support You in Taking Care of Your Child's Health (PCMH)'
Providers Support You in Taking Care of Your Child's Health (PCMH)
	Flagged as IsAdditional in PM databases. Should not be. (questions Y3FH/21065 and Y3FG/21063)
	Will not break out by question in report unless 'PCMH - Self Management Support' is removed
Information About Care and Appointments (PCMH)
	Missing from survey. Technically this should be in the core PCMH Child survey but it is comprised of 2 demo questions. I suspect it is a mistake in the master category definition
	Probably fine.


I think all of this can be solved with the following action:
Changing 'Providers Support You in Taking Care of Your Child's Health (PCMH)' from IsAdditional=1 to IsAdditional=0 in PM databases.
Toggling ExcludeInRpts flag for all remaining categories that have IsAdditional=1 in PM databases.

Alternatively leave 'Providers Support You in Taking Care of Your Child's Health (PCMH)' as IsAdditional=1 and simply toggle ExcludeinRpts flag for all other categories with IsAdditional=1.

Peter Edenfield can do this, I've worked with him on similar issues before. The switch is simple and reversible. We would see the results the following day assuming nightly process doesn't fail.

I can put in a mingle if this course of action sounds agreeable to you.

